Update pull request template to add integration tests with github/github checklist item (#3844)
primer/react: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- Describe any specific details to help reviewers test or review this Pull Request -->

> - [ ] Integration tests passed at github/github (Optional and only available for GitHub staff)

Reviewer: Just wanted to suggest an alternative to see how it landed, goal was to see how this could be a checklist item and if it could capture relevant info for people who hadn't seen it before:

```suggestion
- [ ] (Maintainers) Integration tests pass at github/github ([Learn more](https://github.com/github/primer-engineering/blob/main/how-we-work/testing-primer-react-pr-at-dotcom.md))
```

Author: This looks good - I think we would only need to update the "Learn more" link text to avoid generic link text (https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/navigation-mechanisms-refs.html)

> - [ ] Integration tests are run at github/github (Optional and only available for GitHub staff)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could mention that integration tests should pass?

Author: Ah yes, we should! I'll update it now.

> - [ ] Integration tests are run at github/github (Optional and only available for GitHub staff)

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] Integration tests passed at github/github (Optional and only available for GitHub staff)
```

> You can refer to the [testing primer react pull requests documentation](https://github.com/github/primer-engineering/blob/main/how-we-work/testing-primer-react-pr-at-dotcom.md) to learn how to run integrations test at github/github.

Author: Thanks for your comment Josh! 

>wanted to ask what would the difference be in adding this to Testing & Reviewing vs Merge checklist

I wasn't sure which bucket would be the best really and the way you utilize Testing & Reviewing section kind of clarifies the answer for me. I am happy to take it down to merge checklist!
